[RAT-18]Add Sphinx documentation to Citesphere (#242)
diging/citesphere: docs/README.md

# Citesphere Documentation Sphinx Site

## Overview

> This README file provides instructions for installing Sphinx documentation for Citesphere on various platforms, including Linux, macOS, Windows, and Docker. It also includes information on installing Sphinx from PyPI (Python Package Index) and from source. and customizing the theme of the site

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This README file provides instructions for installing Sphinx documentation for Citesphere on various platforms, including Linux, macOS, Windows, and Docker. It also includes information on installing Sphinx from PyPI (Python Package Index) and from source, and about customizing the theme of the site.
```

Following are the steps:
1. Install Sphinx: you can find the link to Sphinx Installation here [Sphinx install](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/installation.html)
2. Create a virtual environment: it is recommended to use a virtual environment for Sphinx.
3. Cutomize theme to Furo: you can find link to Furo Theme installation here [Furo](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/tutorial/more-sphinx-customization.html)

> 4. API Documentation: Here is the API Documentation for citesphere [API Documentation](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/19365454/UVeMJiyx)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. API Documentation: The API Documentation for Citesphere is [hosted on Postman](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/19365454/UVeMJiyx)
```

> # Installing Sphinx

Reviewer: remove the rest. that's why we link to the Sphinx installation.
